Description
Do you want to be part of the core team building truly AI-native helpful experiences across the consumer space? Do you want to be at the cutting edge of what is next in the AI space but apply it to something of true value in the real world? At Verneek, we are on a mission to build the most helpful AI that augments the knowledge of anyone, anywhere, at any time! As opposed to the mainstream, we believe that the way to bring domain-general AI to the masses is to apply it one domain at a time, through AIs with deep domain expertise. We were on this journey before it got the hottest thing on the face of the planet! Come join some OGs in this so-called "generative AI" space and invent what is yet to be the future!

If you are craving to learn something new every day while working at the cutting edge of AI, Verneek could be a perfect opportunity for you: a deep-tech AI startup, where you'd get to learn, innovate, and leave your mark every single hour of every day.

We are looking for a stellar & highly ambitious ML engineer as core employees to help build complex AI/NLP models supporting the Verneek AI platform! You'll get to work on fundamental AI research problems, but all grounded on our proprietary AI platform. It is all much more rewarding and influential than working on beating AI benchmarks! :)

Every day, you'll get to solve very unique, highly complex, and socially impactful problems. This is an early-stage startup, so we'll be moving super-fast and there will be no legacy obstacles on your way to make a significant impact. Whatever you do every hour of every day counts!!

RESPONSIBILITIES

Implement, scale, and maintain complex AI/NLP models supporting the Verneek AI platform
Requirements
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

BSc. degree in Computer Science or related fields
3+ years of experience with Python
3+ years hands-on experience developing architectures with machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch
Demonstrated AI/NLP engineering skillset through having deployed largescale AI/NLP systems to production
Work authorization in the USA at the time of hire
Continuing work authorization during employment can be sponsored by Verneek
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

MSc. degree in Computer Science or related fields
Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Dialogue Systems, Semantic Parsing, Transfer Learning and learning with limited data
Experience with building models in the commerce/retail domain
Working knowledge of Scala
Benefits
Stellar medical, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance

Daily private Chef lunch, curated to personal diets

Transportation Benefits

401K matching contributions
Flexible PTO

Visa/Green Card Sponsorship
Career growth support through sponsoring learning opportunities and mentorship